pages/pages-root-folder/index.md, before:

---
#
# Use the widgets beneath and the content will be
# inserted automagically in the webpage. To make
# this work, you have to use › layout: frontpage
#
layout: frontpage_fairdom
header:
  image_fullwidth: fairdom-splash.png
  title: FAIRDOM
showwidgets: false
widget1:
  title: "News"
  url: 'news/'  
  text: 'some news'
widget2:
  title: "Why use this theme?"
  url: 'http://phlow.github.io/feeling-responsive/info/'
  text: '<em>Feeling Responsive</em> is heavily customizable.<br/>1. Language-Support :)<br/>2. Optimized for speed and it&#39;s responsive.<br/>3. Built on <a href="http://foundation.zurb.com/">Foundation Framework</a>.<br/>4. Seven different Headers.<br/>5. Customizable navigation, footer,...'
  video: '<a href="#" data-reveal-id="videoModal"><img src="http://phlow.github.io/feeling-responsive/images/start-video-feeling-responsive-302x182.jpg" width="302" height="182" alt=""/></a>'
widget3:
  title: "Download Theme"
  url: 'https://github.com/Phlow/feeling-responsive'
  image: widget-github-303x182.jpg
  text: '<em>Feeling Responsive</em> is free and licensed under a MIT License. Make it your own and start building. Grab the <a href="https://github.com/Phlow/feeling-responsive/tree/bare-bones-version">Bare-Bones-Version</a> for a fresh start or learn how to use it with the <a href="https://github.com/Phlow/feeling-responsive/tree/gh-pages">education-version</a> with sample posts and images. Then tell me via Twitter <a href="http://twitter.com/phlow">@phlow</a>.'
#
# Use the call for action to show a button on the frontpage
#
# To make internal links, just use a permalink like this
# url: /getting-started/
#
# To style the button in different colors, use no value
# to use the main color or success, alert or secondary.
# To change colors see sass/_01_settings_colors.scss
#
callforaction:
  url: /blog/archive/
  text: View the latest news ›
  style: success
permalink: /index.html
#
# This is a nasty hack to make the navigation highlight
# this page as active in the topbar navigation
#
homepage: true
---

<div id="videoModal" class="reveal-modal large" data-reveal="">
  <div class="flex-video widescreen vimeo" style="display: block;">
    <iframe width="1280" height="720" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/3b5zCFSmVvU" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
  </div>
  <a class="close-reveal-modal">&#215;</a>
</div>

This is some content

Commit message:

playing around with some styles

pages/pages-root-folder/index.md, after:

---
#
# Use the widgets beneath and the content will be
# inserted automagically in the webpage. To make
# this work, you have to use › layout: frontpage
#
layout: frontpage_fairdom
header:
  image_fullwidth: fairdom-splash.png
  #image_fullwidth: header_unsplash_12.jpg 
  title: ''   
showwidgets: true
widget1:
  title: "News"
  url: 'news/'  
  text: 'some news'
widget2:
  title: "Why use this theme?"
  url: 'http://phlow.github.io/feeling-responsive/info/'
  text: '<em>Feeling Responsive</em> is heavily customizable.<br/>1. Language-Support :)<br/>2. Optimized for speed and it&#39;s responsive.<br/>3. Built on <a href="http://foundation.zurb.com/">Foundation Framework</a>.<br/>4. Seven different Headers.<br/>5. Customizable navigation, footer,...'
  video: '<a href="#" data-reveal-id="videoModal"><img src="http://phlow.github.io/feeling-responsive/images/start-video-feeling-responsive-302x182.jpg" width="302" height="182" alt=""/></a>'
widget3:
  title: "Download Theme"
  url: 'https://github.com/Phlow/feeling-responsive'
  image: widget-github-303x182.jpg
  text: '<em>Feeling Responsive</em> is free and licensed under a MIT License. Make it your own and start building. Grab the <a href="https://github.com/Phlow/feeling-responsive/tree/bare-bones-version">Bare-Bones-Version</a> for a fresh start or learn how to use it with the <a href="https://github.com/Phlow/feeling-responsive/tree/gh-pages">education-version</a> with sample posts and images. Then tell me via Twitter <a href="http://twitter.com/phlow">@phlow</a>.'
#
# Use the call for action to show a button on the frontpage
#
# To make internal links, just use a permalink like this
# url: /getting-started/
#
# To style the button in different colors, use no value
# to use the main color or success, alert or secondary.
# To change colors see sass/_01_settings_colors.scss
#
callforaction:
  url: /blog/archive/
  text: View the latest news ›
  style: secondary
permalink: /index.html
#
# This is a nasty hack to make the navigation highlight
# this page as active in the topbar navigation
#
homepage: true
---

<div id="videoModal" class="reveal-modal large" data-reveal="">
  <div class="flex-video widescreen vimeo" style="display: block;">
    <iframe width="1280" height="720" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/3b5zCFSmVvU" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
  </div>
  <a class="close-reveal-modal">&#215;</a>
</div>


Do you want to get the most impact from your research?   Are you tired of searching through old computer files to find the methods and data that link together?   Do you want to showcase your research from your best publications?  

FAIRDOM helps you to be in control of collecting, managing, storing, and publishing your data, models, and operating procedures.

[Join](https://fair-dom.org/contribute/join-us) the hundreds of researchers who have improved research management practices in their lab, and for themselves using our software and expertise.

Or [find out more](https://fair-dom.org/about-fairdom) about making your research FAIR – Findable, Accessible, Interoperable, and Re-usable.


<div class="flex-video" style="display: block;">
    <iframe width="1280" height="720" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/PWutnWBfUSw" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>
